these are the bugs inside the app:

1. the use of ai is limited to 2  tries only. this is my experience:
- I tried to use the ai assesement button inside the budget tab, and it gives me the assessment.
I tried to use it again to create a custom budget by clicking the "Generate ai budget", it directs me
to the AI chat page and the cloud ai doesnt respond because of the limit. i tried it again to generate the
budget plan, directs me to the AI chat page, and it doesnt send any message so i didnt get any response. which is 
wrong becuase once you click the ai button it should send a message to the ai chat and the ai should response.

2. the creation of data graphs inside the AI chat page doesnt working correctly. i tried to instruct it to create a customn
graph for my monthly expenses and it returns a blank long balck bubble chat. which is wrong, it should return the 
correct graph. please fix it, because it cause the user to waste their ai tries. 

3. the ai assesment button inside the monitoring tab. when clicked it should give a short assesment 
below that specific panel. for example if i clicked the ai button inside the "spending habits" panel,
the ai should give me a short assesment below but inside that specific panel  based on the data or graph that is being currently displayed.
and in that response it should have a option to continue with chat(for more questions and detailed assesment) or remove the response.

4. the theme mode doesnt work correctly. the default mode is dark mode, which is good. but
when the user try to switch to light mode, some page is still in the dark mode, which is not correct.
It should display all the pages in the light mode, and the buttons and panel and font and the colors should have adjust
and ensure readabilty based on the theme mode the user select. 


5. In chat, the ai should be able to know when to use graphs or tables to present a cleaner the data.
let the user decide how they want to present the data. for example, the user ask a comparison data,
the default is to present it in a table because it is a comparison, but the user can ask it to present
in a graph too. and it should have an option to switch between graph and table. 
if the user ask for a trend data, the default is to present it in a graph, but the user can ask to present
in a table too. and it should have an option to switch between graph and table. overall, the AI should think
which one is the best way to present the data based on the user request. 

6. The UI for the light mode is not consistent, one page the text is white, another page the text is black.
and also the button styling is not consistent. please fix it. Ensure all the pages fonts, text, button style, 
and panel, and everything is consistent based on the theme mode the user select.


7. I want the income and expense form has a categorical selection for sources and expenses, and have additional 
    text field to enter the specific type. for example the user add income, then there is already choices for the category, 
    and the user has on option to add more information, like for the category of salary, the user can add
    more information about the specific type of salary, if it is from the main job, second job. the user has the freedom what to put in that
    text field. and the user should be able to save this information in the database for future use. 
    The same goes in the expense form, for example the category of expense is Food, the user can add
    more information about the specific type of food. it is more like a description.
    Now, in our database, add a column for the description and it can be null.


8. Add a functionality of parsing transaction information sent via email by the banks to the user's email. 
    The user should be able to connect to the user's email and parse the transaction sent via email.
    for example, the user's email is [EMAIL_ADDRESS] and the bank is UOB, then the user should be able to
    connect to their email and parse the transaction sent via email by UOB. another example is when the user
    receives an email for a bills, it can be a electricity bill, water bill, phone bill, credit card bill, 
    and the user should be able to parse the transaction information sent via email by the bank to the database automatically.
    The goal is to have a automatic transaction tracking system through email parsing.  

9. [COMPLETED] add a functionality for exporting transaction to a csv file, we already have a button for exporting a transaction inside the settings page 
but it doesnt have a functionality, just a button. What i want for exporting a transaction is to have a option for from which date to which date 
the user want to export but the default is from the first date of the month to last date of the month, then create a csv file based on the data range selected, and export it to the user. The csv file should be well-organized and 
easy to read, and it should have a column for the date and time, Transaction Type ['Inflow', 'Outflow'], Category, Description ['text'], and Amount ['Signed number'].

    